---
draft: false
title: Simone Testino
---
On this website, you can navigate between different pages using hyperlinks, which have this [font](). I primarily built this website as an extension of my [[Curriculum Vitae.pdf]] (please note that this file may not reflect my most recent activities), but I then expanded it to cover in far more detail all my work within academia, as well as several different passions I have outside of academia. Its primary scope is still to provide the reader with a compact yet detailed image of myself in those aspects that may be most relevant to them.

To achieve this, the core of the website is dedicated to my academic work, divided into [[Academic Writings]] and [[Notes & Papers]]. In the former, I list my essays, thoughts, questions, and any other writings related to my [[Research Areas]], while in the latter, I collect papers I have read, along with brief comments on them, as well as lecture notes from most of the undergraduate courses I have attended. Despite this division, I also provide a mixed indexation, organised into the [[Index of Bachelor Works]] and the [[Index of Master Works]]. Additionally, I present an overview of my [[Research Areas]] and document notes and decisions regarding my academic life in the [[Academic Diary]].

Later, I decided to publish notes on topics outside my [[Research Areas]] on this website and collected the most significant ones under [[ExAcademia]]. There, I detail aspects of [[Personal Finance]], share some entries from my [[Diary]], and publish political [[Opinions]].

For the current academic year, my primary focus is on two major entrepreneurial projects. The first is **[[ColivingLiguria]]**, a venture transforming villas into hubs for remote workers and creatives. The second is **[[Luna]]**, a manufacturing startup developing innovative lighting solutions. Both projects represent the practical application of my academic and personal interests.

Finally, I added several other pages that enable different functions of this website, which I list in [[Horreum]]. The most important among them are my [[4. System/Contacts/Contacts]], a page where I describe the [[Payment Methods]] through which I can receive money, references for my [[Availability]], and a simple tool to leave [[Comments]] on the website. I also include pages for a collection of some [[Documents]] and my [[Condensed Biography]].